this video is brought to you by the
Nvidia shield the device to rule the
living room with 4k streaming advanced
gaming and Android TV you can't always
judge a video game by its box art well I
think that's everything we did it hon
we're really moved in welcome to
watchmojo.com and today we're counting
down our picks for the top 10 video
games that defied expectations okay
each game time for this list we're
taking a look at video games that were
faced with low expectations prior to
their release whether it was because of
a ridiculous concept prior games or fan
backlash but instead of disappointing us
they ended up being remarkable titles
against all odds sigils made number 10
spec ops the line now the official story
still hazy but what happened next
while we know for sure is that the
storms got worse much worse in an
industry where modern day military
shooters are usually seen as overtly
patriotic linear action games with a
goal to stop terrorists cuz they're not
American spec ops seemed like yet
another generic shooter trying to cash
in on Call of Duty's popularity Colonel
please I don't do that what's going on
here
survival captain plain and simple that
idea was only strengthened by its launch
trailer as well as previous entries that
followed the same formula what we
actually got was a disturbing in-depth
look into insanity where the line
between good and bad was so distorted
that in your desire to become a hero you
end up becoming a monster
fine set it up
you're kidding right that's white
phosphorus yeah I know what it is you've
seen this shit does you know why not
have his choice Go Go
there's always a choice no it's really
got number 9 alien isolation Oh quickly
Samuels
did you wake up early well I don't
really need as much sleep interesting
when aliens colonial Marines alienated
gamers with it's lousy gameplay graphics
and near broken AI people weren't too
optimistic about alien isolation the
following year especially given the
track record of most movie based games
this follow-up took many by surprise and
that's largely because it returned to
the tradition of Ridley Scott's 1979
sci-fi classic my name is riff Lee
Amanda Ripley I need your help please
take a seat someone will be with you
shortly just as the original alien
focused on suspense and horror over
action alien isolation was all about
stealth and survival it really feels
like you're in the shoes of Ellen
Ripley's daughter Amanda making the
experience more intense frightening and
claustrophobic I know why you're working
in the region where she went missing
number 8 Resident Evil 4 you are a long
way from home
cowboy you have my sympathies guess
that's a locals way of breaking the ice
Resident Evil 4 was in development
health for years and underwent numerous
changes because of this hype slowly died
out and longtime fans especially lost
interest when they heard Sambas would be
removed from the equation freeze when it
finally came out however players were
shocked to find this wasn't only the
best Resident Evil game yet but also one
of the greatest games of all time
aside from revolutionising the
over-the-shoulder perspective resident
evil 4 and thrall gamers with its
menacing environments compelling
third-person shooting and a genuine
sense of dread what are we gonna do Leon
make you say that we're sandwiched oh
right quick in that cabin number 7
Guitar Hero
a controller is all you really need to
play a video game alas
video game developers have tried to
shove numerous experimental accessories
down our throats over the years from the
power glove to the power pad as a result
Guitar Hero looked like just another
gimmick destined to flop nobody could
have predicted it would become one of
the most successful music rhythm games
ever having extreme crossover appeal
with diehard gamers and non-gamers alike
Guitar Hero evolved into an electrifying
franchise with immortal music and
pioneering gaming mechanics
number six goldeneye double-oh-seven
here's yet another case of a video game
based on a movie that made us nervous
before its release however every once in
a while we get a movie game that
triumphs over the odds
golde and i ended up being one of these
rare exceptions which is especially
surprising considering it came out two
years late yet gamers remain captivated
by this games awesome appeal to this
date as it moved the FPS genre forward
with perfect gameplay rich level design
and a multiplayer component that was
surprisingly added at the last minute
this is why you held on to your old n64
and still play it in your dorm room
today
number 5 The Legend of Zelda the Wind
Waker
talk about judging a game based on
appearance alone there was a huge outcry
when people saw that Zelda would be
going this cel-shaded route the fact
that earlier tech demo suggested a
darker more realistic approach only made
this turnaround more disappointing once
gamers actually popped Wind Waker into
their GameCube though they realized it's
still epitomized everything we love
about Zelda with unparalleled adventure
locations and lore Plus after getting
past the stylistic change you'll find
that this is truly one of the most
beautiful looking games and it still
looks far better than any other 3d Zelda
game to date
number for the sins it isn't shocking
that people raised their eyebrows after
hearing about the Sims although everyone
was pleading for a new SimCity we
instead got a game where you essentially
just play house going from building a
whole city to living in a suburb sounded
like the biggest step backwards one
could take the Sims was ahead of its
time however as gamers became engrossed
by their virtual second lives mmm dum
and Carmen Robin mm-hmm it demonstrated
just how invested we can become in a
video game world even if that world is a
simple household nicer matter
number three Kingdom Hearts you're
stupid sooner or later they'll swallow
your heart this one writes itself the
pairing of Disney and Final Fantasy
characters may sound as random as it
gets but Kingdom Hearts amounted to one
of square annexes most beloved
franchises nevertheless well where
Donald and Goofy are they that important
to you more important than old friends
as the immensely likeable Sora this
wonderful RPG truly made the gamer feel
like they were exploring Halloweentown
Agrabah and other worlds inspired by
Disney classics a familiar face waits
around every corner and you can't wait
to see who will pop up next legend has
it that whoever holds the lamp consumers
can't leave the intros to a professional
the one and only journey other them with
incredible voice acting addictive
gameplay and a touching story this
gaming experience will stay in your
heart forever I guess I could give that
a try number 2 Metroid Prime
gamers may know what they want but they
don't always know what's best for them
case in point Metroid Prime after the
greatness of Super Metroid and other
titles in the acclaimed side-scrolling
series fans were appalled to learn that
this new adventure would be a first
person shooter instead the fact that a
then-unknown American developer was
helming the game didn't bode well either
oh how wrong we were
atmospheric chilling and isolating
Metroid Prime distinguished itself as
one of the franchise's most involving
entries and put retro studios on the map
maybe history might repeat itself with
Metroid Prime Federation force wouldn't
surprise us that's for sure
before we get to our top pick here are
some honorable mentions
welcome to the kingdom of Koopa keep
our weapon shop here is tended by Clyde
a level 14 warrior here you can see our
massive stables overseen by the level 9
ranger Scott malkinson who has the power
of diabetes just take the gun he made
auto shit
at a site where the hell are you guys
you see never logged a marker that's
going around it's just like the one that
got just like the one unit all just
clean number one Batman Arkham Asylum
welcome to the madhouse Batman I set a
trap and you sprang it boys while Batman
had fared better on the videogame front
than Superman it still seemed unlikely
that we were ever gonna get an amazing
game centered on the Caped Crusader
nicely done
that's you deserve a prize Rocksteady
studio whom just like retro studios was
an unknown developer at the time didn't
just settle for making another
half-assed licensed game with Batman
Arkham Asylum though they went all out
with a haunting environment masterful
controls epic boss battles inventive
gadgets and iconic voice actors from the
exceptional Batman the Animated Series
hang on these notes aren't complete the
formula is missing that must be the
secret dr. young is hiding if Joker gets
his hands on this he will create an army
of a thousand Bane's
the result was the superhero game people
had been waiting for setting a whole new
standard not only for superhero games
but for many other action games to come
Hey shabih love what you've done with
the place
do you agree with our list just reform
and room away on another circumstances
what video game surpassed your
expectations
Aladdin congratulatory for more
entertaining top 10s published every day
be sure to subscribe to watchmojo.com
this video is brought to you by the
Nvidia shield the device to rule the
living room with 4k streaming advanced
gaming and Android TV